# 4.05
## Incompatible changes
- The wrdauth plugin will no longer auto-require `@webhare-wrd/auth`. You'll need to `<adddesignrequire require="@webhare-wrd/auth" />`. This change only affects module-based webdesigns, site-based designfiles sites are unaffected.
- `<setmedialibrary` should be replaced with `<setlibrary name="media"`

## Website and module development
- .witty files now support a `[rawcomponent]` - similar to HTML's CDATA, these components preserve whitespace and ignore every `[` until they see `[/rawcomponent]` - this simplifies embedding eg. JavaScript and Angular code.
- New Witty modes XML-NI, HTML-NI, and TEXT-NI have been added. These modes remove linefeeds and indentation following text, allowing more compact html files. Switch to this by changing the parameters to `LoadWittyLibrary` and by adding `wittyencoding="HTML-NI"` to `<webdesign>` tags
- `<widgettype>` and WigetBase. See [RTD and Widgets](doc/rtd-and-widgets.md)
- Prebuilt pages simplify the setup of one-off (s)html pages.
- You can match prebuilt pages explicitly using `<to type="file" prebuiltmasks="myprebuiltpage" />`. Wildcards and multiple masks are supported.
- Dynamic and static page objects now have a '->pagefolder' member pointing them to their library's directory
- Add 'restructureforemail' to mailcomposer objects, which will restructure a HTML document for better email compatibility.

## Hosting
- Added the option to mark an alias as an explicit alias, so you can prepare for a future WebHare version which will default all aliases to be a redirect.

